README.md, before:

# :pizza: Pizzark | Order a Pizza Online

## Author

:link: [Sammy Muchiri](https://github.com/devmiano)

## Description

Order a pizza from our website and enjoy an awesome user experience.

---

## Project Screenshot

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devmiano/pizzark/master/assets/images/pizzark.png)

---

## Installation / Setup instructions

:point_right: Open Terminal {Ctrl+Alt+T}

- `git clone https://github.com/devmiano/pizzark.git`

- `cd pizzark` to enter the project folder

- `code .` or `atom .` based on the text editor you have.

- `yarn` to install necessary dependencies.

- `yarn dev` to initialize the project.

- `yarn build` to build the project for production.

---

## BDD

> The web application will require the user to input a pizza option, a crust option and a range of toppings from our menu.
> The application then outputs a personal message to the user indicating their name in the message in a sidebar.

---

## Technologies used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- Javascript
- JQuery
- Sass
- Markdown
- Vite

---

## License

> MIT License :copyright: 2022 Sammy Muchiri.

---

## Collaborate

To collaborate, reach me on :email: [Email](devmiano@gmail.com)

Commit message:

added main.js to the project

README.md, after:

# :pizza: Pizzark | Order a Pizza Online

## Author

:link: [Sammy Muchiri](https://github.com/devmiano)

## Description

Order a pizza from our website and enjoy an awesome user experience.

---

## Project Screenshot

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devmiano/pizzark/master/assets/images/pizzark.png)

---

## Installation / Setup instructions

:point_right: Open Terminal {Ctrl+Alt+T}

- `git clone https://github.com/devmiano/pizzark.git`

- `cd pizzark` to enter the project folder

- `code .` or `atom .` based on the text editor you have.

- `yarn` to install necessary dependencies.

- `yarn dev` to initialize the project.

- `yarn build` to build the project for production.

---

## BDD

> The web application will require the user to input a pizza option, a crust option and a range of toppings from our menu.
> The application then outputs the tpizza options, type and also outputs all pizza options.
> If the user wants the pizzas delivered a fee is also added to the total amount.

---

## Technologies used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- Javascript
- JQuery
- Sass
- Markdown
- Vite

---

## License

> MIT License :copyright: 2022 Sammy Muchiri.

---

## Collaborate

To collaborate, reach me on :email: [Email](devmiano@gmail.com)
